When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
If you're still looking for that one person who will change your life take a look in the mirror.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
My girlfriend is always stealing my t-shirts and sweaters... But if I take one of her dresses, suddenly "we need to talk".
Learn from yesterday, live for today and have hope for tomorrow.
About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went down hill fast.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
"Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible."\n"Well, tell him I can't see him right now."
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
A mexican magician was doing a magic trick. He said, Uno, Dose, and he disappeared without a trace.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
Temples are free to enter but still empty. Pubs charge to enter, but are full. People ignore inner peace &amp;choose to pay for self destruction
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
All the problems fade before a hangover
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
God grades on the cross, not the curve.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
If a church wants a better pastor, It only needs to pray for the one it has.
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...
Pavlov walks into a bar. The phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
The road to success is always under construction.
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
